Small changes to identify bots page (#8977)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/identify_synthetics_bots.md

## Overview

Some parts of your systems might not be available to robots without the right identification, or you might want to avoid collecting analytics from Datadog robots. You can use the below methods to detect Datadog Synthetic Monitoring robots.

## IP addresses

{{< site-region region="us" >}}

You can use the [**Synthetic Monitoring IP ranges**][1] corresponding to each Datadog managed location.

[1]: https://ip-ranges.datadoghq.com/synthetics.json

{{< /site-region >}}

{{< site-region region="eu" >}}

> You can use the [IP addresses][1] corresponding to each Datadog managed location.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the [**Synthetic Monitoring IP ranges**][1] corresponding to each Datadog managed location.
```

[1]: https://ip-ranges.datadoghq.eu/synthetics.json

{{< /site-region >}}

## Default headers

> You can also identify Datadog robots by using some of the default headers attached to the requests generated by API and browser tests:

Author: ```suggestion
You can also identify Datadog robots by using some of the **default headers** attached to the requests generated by API and browser tests:
```
